fix(documentation): hcm searched highlighted text in documentation (#4365)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/thirty-chairs-suffer.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': patch
---

> Fixed color of highlighted searched text in HCM in documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the color of the highlighted search text in the documentation in High Contrast Mode.
```
